Hello
beautiful
It's proga
What is success?
If you find the definition of success in the dictionary, it will be written that success is the achievement of goals in a planned business, a positive result of something, public recognition of something or someone. And from this definition it is clear that success is not something specific, for each person it can be something different.
Many people believe that success is about money. But sometimes, when people start making a lot of money, they change their point of view. Also, people often consider success if a person has a high position or great popularity. But this is not suitable for everyone. Some people prefer to stay in the shadows.
It seems to me that success is very individual and each person must decide for himself what he wants. People set priorities differently. For example, some devote their entire lives to science or family.
As for me, I believe that happiness is in balance, so I don't want to have a huge fortune or a lot of popularity. For me, success is in the ability to find balance and calmness in my life, as well as the pleasure of what I do. And if I give good emotions and memories, at least to my loved ones, it will already be a success for me. This does not mean that I live without a goal, and I do not strive for anything, because success is also the achievement of a goal. It's just that my goals are not so grandiose. I'm also learning something new and trying to get better every day.
In the end, I would like to summarize that every person should understand for himself what he wants and what to strive for. He must set goals and achieve them. But also he should not forget about the pleasure and enjoyment of life.

Review of Kristina
I liked Kristina's essay. In my opinion, she described a very important aspect of our lives. Everyone makes mistakes! Failures are a part of our lives.
Kristina very competently described how to perceive failures and what to do with them. And the main idea she was trying to convey is that mistakes and failures do not need to be afraid. You need to draw the right conclusions and never give up.
I also believe that mistakes are inevitable. But sometimes, due to improper upbringing, people have a wrong perception of mistakes. At school, teachers often scold children for mistakes and do not let them understand that mistakes are a way of learning and development. And children begin to be afraid of making mistakes.
However, there is another facet. People make mistakes and don't draw any conclusions. They repeat them from time to time.
In conclusion, in order to succeed, you do not need to be afraid of mistakes, you need to analyze them and do something so that you do not repeat them anymore.

ghjlqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq
aaaaaaaaaaaaa hgfd 
ooooooooooooo pppppppppp
hhhhhhhhhh jjjjjjj
